Gao Family Affairs
Why do you need an outsider to talk too much?
Bucai Cui was appointed by His Majesty
See injustice on the road
Naturally to help
The guilty mother is outspoken
If there is anything that offends Lord Gao
I still hope for Lord Gao Haihan
Here it is.
I often hear that Young Master Gao goes in and out of some wind and moon rewards
Presumably there will be no shortage of confidantes around you
It's easy to learn to match blindly
Why pester Qingqing?
Are you insulting me?
dare not dare
Cui is just talking about things
Uncle Yi Gao
It's my Song family's fault for this matter.
But it's the decision of the whole family after all
Qingqing is powerless
My father specially asked me to tell Dingguo Gong to be good for life
If Dingguo Mansion encounters trouble in the future
My Song family will definitely help
Go back and tell that old thing Lin
Even if the marriage is broken
It is also my country's kung fu right to annul the marriage
What is your Song family?
That being the case
Then I, Song Jia, will wait for the visit of Dingbo Palace
monitor
You don't think I can answer His Majesty's question
Why should Mr. Gao ask this more?
You think so too?
Mr. Cui's opinion is my opinion
But if I answer
How about that?
Can you answer how?
You are a piece of crap
That being the case
Then can you type a word with Cui?
What do you know if you can't answer
Then you have to be in front of the civil and military officials
Kneel and kowtow to Cui and apologize
Say you are shameless
But what if I answered?
Answer it, you don't know a big character for a straw bag.
Can answer your brother's question
Okay, you're going to answer it.
How about Cui kneel down and apologize to you?
yaomei
Okay, I promise.
Lord Gao really gave birth to a good son
Not heaven and earth
Miss Hou Song, let's go
How can it be too deceiving?
Hahahaha you bastard
I broke off the marriage in public, and you still asked him to come out and pay it back
How dare you bet with Cui Xinghe?
You don't know.
Cui Xinghe is the champion of Jinke appointed by His Majesty
He is so talented
His theory of statecraft is even more impressive
You are throwing the face of my Gao family on the ground
Let everyone step on it with their feet
Father
What's wrong with such a woman quitting her marriage?
Humph in his eyes
Heart to the throne
full turnover
Look at my Gao family, it's hard for the new generation to be a big responsibility
Doomed to go downhill
Otherwise
It won't be the first time I pick up Huangbao
Come and save him
It's just that he is afraid of implicating his grandson
And the team members with him Cui Xinhe
Son has confidence
You don't have to think too much about urging marriage
Set my kung fu
Will not give up
But the top priority
It is the assessment from the Empress of the Golden Palace
You are the father of the offensive face beast
After arriving at the Golden Palace
It really depends on your own ability
My father doesn't ask you to impress the empress
But I can't help it.
Otherwise, don't say it's you alone
The entire Dingguo Kung Fu will also be implicated
And that Cui Xinhe
Now you have offended him
In the future, he will surely be when you fail
Let the empress hold you accountable
What should I do?
Father
I know you don't believe what I'm saying now
Just wait and see
Now it's done
You worry again
That doesn't help either
Let the destined woman attack and destroy the saint